fix BTD doc (#4089)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

    value for buffer size and use slices to reduce the memory footprint and maintain
    optimum I/O performance.

* ``<diag_name>.do_back_transformed_fields`` (`0` or `1`) optional (default `1`)
    Only used when ``<diag_name>.diag_type`` is ``BackTransformed``
    Whether to back transform the fields or not.

>     Note that for ``BackTransformed`` diagnostics, atleast one of the options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that for ``BackTransformed`` diagnostics, at least one of the options
```

    ``<diag_name>.do_back_transformed_fields`` or ``<diag_name>.do_back_transformed_particles`` must be 1.

* ``<diag_name>.do_back_transformed_particles`` (`0` or `1`) optional (default `1`)
    Only used when ``<diag_name>.diag_type`` is ``BackTransformed``
    Whether to back transform the particle data or not.

>     Note that for ``BackTransformed`` diagnostics, atleast one of the options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that for ``BackTransformed`` diagnostics, at least one of the options
```
